[MUSIC]
This week we learned how to
use TD methods for control.
In this video we'll recap
everything we covered this week.
The TD control algorithms
are based on Bellman equations.
We learned about three of them.
Sarsa uses a sample based
version of the Bellman equation.
It learns Q-pi.
Q-learning uses the Bellman
optimality equation.
It learns Q-star.
Expected sarsa uses the same
Bellman equation as Sarsa, but
samples it differently.
It takes an expectation over
the next action values.
What's the story with on-policy and
off-policy learning?
Sarsa is a on-policy algorithm
that learns the action values for
the policy it's currently following.
Q-learning is an off-policy algorithm
that learns the optimal action values.
And Expected Sarsa is
both an on-policy and
an off-policy algorithm that can learn
the action values for any policy.
Sarsa can do better than Q-learning
when performance is measured online.
This is because on-policy control methods
account for their own exploration.
In the cliff world we saw that
q-learning frequently fell off the cliff
because of its exploratory actions.
Sarsa learned the longer but
safer path that rarely fell off the cliff,
this resulted in higher reward.
We then studied an improvement
over Sarsa called Expected Sarsa.
In the cliff world Expected Sarsa
outperformed Sarsa for
all the step size
parameter values we tested.
This is because Expected Sarsa mitigates
the variance due to its own policy.
Expected Sarsa, like the name suggests,
takes the expectation
over the next action.
That's all for this module.
Next we'll learn how to combine planning
learning and acting see you then.